fresh off of rift rivals here the first
weekend back and LCS I'm joined by the
hottest name and League of Legends
eSports right now Mike Young you're
blowing up right now Mike how is it how
are you dealing with all the attention
well I'm trying to enjoy the intention
as much as I could while not letting it
affect my normal lifestyle so I'm still
doing the same exact things coming into
my first week of LCS you are going to
have to really cherish this right now
because at some point in your career
you'll have a bad patch or a bad meadow
or something like that and then all this
attention and all this love you're
getting is let's turn to spite and venom
and it'll make you cry yeah are you Rick
are you ready for that yeah I do believe
that there's a point in every pro
players career where they have like a
downfall because of the meta because of
team environment because of something
that's going on in their life and I feel
that my job is just to try and prevent
that from happening from a long period
of time well I'm sorry if you've already
been asked this question but I do still
want to ask it you know how did this
whole thing come about with you on p1
and you know what's that kind of a back
story between behind you showing up here
and competing for this team well ever
since I've started playing League it was
mainly a hobby for me and when I was 13
years old I hit Challenger and bitola
ranks and then have been at that level
or improving at that little level since
then and recently about a few months ago
I was dominating soloqueue with the high
winrate on jungle and not only was I
doing that but I showed a lot of game
sense with my pings and shock calling in
soloqueue games and I believe coach fly
or someone that inside p1 like figured
that out and they contacted me
afterwards it was this something you
were always trying to aspire to did you
want to compete in LCS or was it just a
situation where you know like I talked
to Omar yesterday and he was saying he
suddenly got an email about scouting
grounds didn't plan on going and
suddenly did and suddenly he's in the
LCS for you how much of a plan was this
so this wasn't really a plan as last
scouting ground I was most likely able
to go but I decided to focus on school
so I thought playing on my solo queue
accounts but at that time I believe I
was one of the best jungler sir is not
the best solo queue jungler and out of
the ones that haven't played any games
professionally for scouting grounds but
in the end I decided to focus on school
I stopped playing ranks what year were
you in school by the way whenever all
the stuff happened so on this is junior
year I think nice so you're not you know
there's like a lot of really really on
folks here you're doing okay yeah I'm
doing okay because it may be this is
less overwhelming for you now oh people
are shouting out my name while we're
trying to do an interview it's very
frustrating that happens soon they'll be
shouting out your name Mike well we just
had to do an edit because my camera
overheated because it's so hot in LA
right now but we're back and I also want
to ask you what has been surprising to
you about this whole situation like
coming into the LCS and you know what
have you found that you didn't expect so
coming into the LCS there were so many
things I didn't expect coming from an
outsider's a fans a so lucky players
perspective so a lot of people don't
know what happens behind the scenes when
teams lose or start losing it's not just
because the players are like it's not
their meta it also there can be internal
issues there can be situations like
behind the scenes where something might
not go right and they're not 100%
playing at their best so it's just kind
of like all these other reasons that are
contributing factors yeah so I've seen
really good teams do well I've seen
really good team environments in the
seen and I've seen also poor poorer team
environments as for Phoenix 1 I believe
that they are on the upper scale with
the good team environment
well let's wrap this up before the
camera blows up is there anything that
you would like to say to any of your
fans who are just super excited to see
you join the team and show some CENTAC
talent from North America well thank you
guys for your support of me and my goal
for a career in eSports is just to stay
for the long term so even though there's
so much hype around me coming back from
riff rivals I might hit some slumps but
I'm really happy for the fans that
continue to support me even if I'm not
performing on a test very good well
thank you so much for the interview
super nice to meet you everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all the LCS stuff in our camera
blowing up all that kind of thing here
on my youtube channel
listen Los Angeles housing prices are
only going up rent is ridiculous and I'm
unemployed so if you want to support me
you can do so over at Travis CARICOM
slash support